Name of author(s):
Patrick Shumate, Nicolas Stone

Name and URL/repository of the project

https://git.splunk.com/projects/GSA/repos/aws-project-trumpet/browse/cloudtrail-serverless

Description of the code or features you wish to contribute

A CloudFormation template for deploying AWS infrastructure that uses a simplified HEC based logging architecture. A new user can deploy the template and, assuming their Splunk server has the AWS Add-on and App installed (but no configuration required), the elements of the AWS App using Cloudtrail, Config, or Billing sourcetypes will populate.

Are you providing the code at fix level as one-time contribution?

One-time contribution

What problem does your contribution solve generally?

Improves the speed of setting up the logging configuration on the aws side

Who will benefit from using your contribution?

New users of splunk using AWS.

What is the business case for Splunk for participating in this project? (i.e., how will the company benefit from this contribution?)

It makes getting aws data in much easier. In combination with the Insights for AWS AMI, it is a one click install of all the logging architecture needed on the aws side to populate a good portion of the dashboards. CloudWatch logs come from

Will it require devoting multiple resources/employees of Splunk? If so, to what extent?

No

List any third-party software included in the code you want to release and any licenses that apply to it (state NONE if not applicable)

CT Grazer potentially, add license

List any Splunk products or projects in which the code to be contributed is also used.  (state NONE if not applicable)

None we are aware of.

Does the contribution include any confidential information of Splunk?

None we are aware of.

Does Splunk have any patents or patent applications relating to the contribution?

None we are aware of.

What license is the project currently using? (NOTE: The OSS Committee recommends Apache 2.0 as a standard license for Splunk-hosted and managed open source projects unless facts warrant otherwise.)

MIT

Name of the VP-level or higher sponsor who has reviewed and supports the technical & business case

TBD